README.md, before:

# Scripts for obtaining and renewing letsencrypt ACME2 (wildcard) certs

These 2 bash scripts help in obtaining and renewing Letsencrypt SSL certs for domains managed by dnsimple

It is not necessary to install certbot, or any plugins, as we use the official docker images for these.

These scripts only obtain the certificates, and do not configure your webserver.

## Requirements

* Docker
* dnsimple API key

## Usage

    git clone https://github.com/ianwhite/dnsimple-letsencrypt .
    
    # to obtain a cert
    sudo dnsimple-letsencrypt/get-cert your.domain
    
    # to obtain a wildcard cert
    sudo dnsimple-letsencrypt/get-wildcard-cert your.domain

    # follow the instuctions to place the API key in the specified directory

    sudo dnsimple-letsencrypt/get-wildcard-cert your.domain

    # sometime later

    sudo dnsimple-letsencrypt/renew-all-certs --dry-run

## Automating via cron

Once it's all working setup your cron script as follows (here assuming you're using nginx)

    sudo crontab -e

And add a line like the following (replace /PATH/TO and the contents of the renew hook)
   
    6 1,13 * * * /PATH/TO/dnsimple-letsencrypt/renew-all-certs --renew-hook "service nginx restart"

Commit message:

Update for non docker install

README.md, after:

# Scripts for obtaining and renewing letsencrypt ACME2 (wildcard) certs

These 2 bash scripts help in obtaining and renewing Letsencrypt SSL certs for domains managed by dnsimple

It is necessary to install certbot, as I can't figure out a clean way of restarting nginx on the renew hook, as nginx is not in the docker container

These scripts only obtain the certificates, and do not configure your webserver.

## Requirements

### certbot

    sudo add-apt-repository ppa:certbot/certbot
    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install python-certbot-nginx

### certbot-dns-dnsimple

    sudo sudo apt-get install python-pip
    sudo pip install certbot-dns-dnsimple

### dnsimple API key

    Go here https://dnsimple.com/user and get one

## Usage

    git clone https://github.com/ianwhite/dnsimple-letsencrypt .

    # to obtain a cert
    sudo dnsimple-letsencrypt/get-cert your.domain

    # to obtain a wildcard cert
    sudo dnsimple-letsencrypt/get-wildcard-cert your.domain

    # follow the instuctions to place the API key in the specified directory

    sudo dnsimple-letsencrypt/get-wildcard-cert your.domain

    # sometime later

    sudo dnsimple-letsencrypt/renew-all-certs --dry-run

## Automating via cron

Once it's all working setup your cron script as follows (here assuming you're using nginx)

    sudo crontab -e

And add a line like the following (replace /PATH/TO and the contents of the renew hook)

    6 1,13 * * * certbot renew --renew-hook "service nginx restart"
